this is a web exclusive poor thing with
James I mean brilliant dancer amazing
second best in the world first best of
the world's best in the world but
remember my name is a bit of an issue so
then we get all these different names
like Bambi we've had Bambi on stilts as
well when you put your voice
yeah when you put your shoes on your
Bambi on stilts right Bambi I'm still
kangaroo you said you cuz I showed you I
do lots of impressions of balance and I
show her what she looks like and then
she got oh you look like a kangaroo
I'm ready because it looks like you're
ready to put Sun the birds today don't
you always think of Thunderbirds when
you think of a cha cha cha no but when I
look at you I do okay you can do it no
such word as can't see that arm would go
forward to create opposition when you
know that makes sense to you oh yeah
it's not just again because we had a 50%
chance of getting it right to see push
that let me go bench so I go good do
that again but do it faster that's a bum
now doing exactly the same thing but
close - okay - I mean hopefully I will
be can Darcey Bussell
I hope so too